Now the terms used to in network address translation can be very confusing.
This is probably one of the hardest things to understand with Nat so use these terms inside a local
address inside global address outside local address an outside global address to try and help you remember
these terms.
Think of the following analogy.
The PC in this typology PC one is an insider in your organization.
Insiders in your organization are people who work for your company or who have access to the Insight
Network or local area network.
So this PC is an inside host or insider.
The server on the other hand is an outsider.
It doesn't belong to your organization.
It's on the global Internet.
It is an out site host the network that the PC is connected to is the local area network.
This is a local LAN or local network.
If you run wireshark on the network and captured packets they would be deemed to be local addresses
because they are on the local LAN.
The Internet on the other hand once again is global.
Think of traces in the Internet as global addresses because they are on the global Internet.
So in other words think of addresses as follows.
Inside a local is the IP address of this inside host on the local LAN inside.
Global is the IP address of the local PC PC one as seen on the global Internet.
If he sniffed traffic on a local LAN you would see the inside local address of the PC if you sniffed
traffic using Y shack on the internet you would see the inside global address of the PC outside a local
is the IP address of the outside server.
When seen on the local area network outside global is the IP address of the server on the global Internet.
So in summary this is an insight host.
So we have an inside local address an inside global address the inside hosts IP address on the local
area network is an inside local address.
Thus inside hosts IP address when seen on the global Internet is the inside global address inside host
on local network inside host on global Internet.
This outside PCs IP address when seen on the global Internet uses the outside global address but when
seen on the local area network is the outside a local address.
I hope that helps you remember the terms.